#### Steps to become a world class engineer

1. Know The Code
####### A. Write CLEAN code aka just don't write bugs
- "Precursor to a BUG" Yeah I said it : Writing Cleaner More Efficient Maintainable Code  It has been said this is the key to squashing bugs in our code just don't' write bugs in the first place. Much has been said about this as a precursor to debugging so that in the future you will have less bugs. It should be your goal to CARE about your code. Furthermore, many a job posting has the required skill of Write Cleaner Code and avoid bugs. It was said in a recent retrospective of a group of university bootcamp students that they wished they wished they had focused more on things like code style/conventions which would have led to less confusion which in this case is from a group working on the same project. To fully support this we read in "The Art of Readable Code” by Boswell&Foucher,  "The fundamental theorem of readability : code should be written to minimize the time it would take for someone else to understand it !" I paraphrase further advice from the book: Things you can do to improve your code: picking good names,(semantic meaningful names for variables, functions etc) writing good comments, formatting your code neatly (clean use of whitespace). 

Clean maintainable code - Coming from a non technical background where I thought everything should be automated and why are we using terminal not GUI etc for me especially writing well spaced code was so annoying and I was by habit a sloppy writer. 2 spaces or 4 naming conventions for variables and functions. feed back from other cohorts is hat they wish they knew this stuff before Just start good habits early and be very CLEan in all your code I promise it will pay off. " write code for OTHERS to come then read it"
DRY - if you ever fin yourself repeating code even twice you may need to refactor and generalize and do something better 
after you have exhausted the checklist you are ready to Google it - trust me that list helps Google ain’t going to solve your typos BUT it might tell you someone else had a typo and then fixed their typos to fix said error. so either way it gets done. So onto Google. Continued below... 

Handy tools for helping with syntax and so forth 
JS hint http://jshint.com/
JSON pretty print - pasting huge JSON objects like when console logging a response obj from an API call or what have you and being able to actually see it. also console.table is good too. 
CSS lint
HTML validator 
NOTE: Linting code is a topic for later discussion once you have good habits for writing clean code. ESLint/Prettier/Beautify tools for JS can check and fix syntax errors but if you don't learn on your own first it will always be a crutch and you may get caught in a pickle someday do use linters like ES lint later after like 4 months or so. Preventing BUGS is also related to testing code but will not be covered in this DOCS. 
VS code has tons of extensions :I fyou soley rely on these they will be a crutch so jst decidde now to install them in about 4 mo after you have good clean habits without them as with many tools like with hitting tab for a for loop - I asked a student to write a for loop and he could not do it after about 7 weeks because he only used the auto complete snippets. True story - and plus your future employer may not allow those tools or force you to use a different code editor. NO bueno. 
As with HTML and CSS, you can ensure better quality, less error-prone JavaScript code using a linter, which points out errors and can also flag up warnings about bad practices, etc., and be customized to be stricter or more relaxed in their error/warning reporting. The JavaScript/ECMAScript linters we'd recommend are JSHint and ESLint; these can be used in a variety of ways, some of which we'll detail below.
It is not very convenient to have to copy and paste your code over to a web page to check its validity several times. What you really want is a linter that will fit into your standard workflow with the minimum of hassle. Many code editors have linter plugins, for example Github's Atom code editor has a JSHint plugin available.Or in the command line itself
2. 
